It's an almost hour by.
I mean some blog posts to our website and will also create the blog page for these to be displayed on.
So to get some content for the blog posts.
Well over to Google and search for some lorem ipsum.
Some sample text for the posts.
So click on lorem ipsum.
Scroll down to the generator and when to generate five paragraphs of text so I've got plenty of content
for the posts.
So click generate and then copy the five paragraphs.
Then head back into the WordPress dashboard and then once you get to the dashboard click on the posts.
So keep the hello world simple post there for now an I'm going to generate 5 new posts so I'll click
on new post and then give it a title of your choice.
I'm sure colace blog post one.
And then in the text box paste in the lorem ipsum.
So a very great the news Unni offers category.
Just simply select a new category and type in a category of your choice.
So CHA's promotions hit enter and then get the new Cuttery period on there.
Just blow the car griz's also the aeris for tags so you may want to add a few tags as well.
Sort of type in.
Hit enter.
Some are going to create beauty.
Hair make up.
That'll do for now.
So click on publish.
I'm new at the top and I'm going to make 5 new blog posts in tow.
So I've got plenty of content to work with.
So you can either create your own or follow along with me.
So the next one is going to be August offer.
Then paste in the sample text on the offers category.
On add some tags.
And then click publish.
And the third one.
It's can be august news.
Our news letter with a new section on the tags can be news.
And updates.
And paste in the content and then hit publish.
It's an make two more to add a new.
And then sample post.
They start in and is can be uncategorized and publish.
No more more.
Some will post too.
Published up.
So I've got five post I want also got plenty of content to work with.
So on the home page we've only got the link back to the home page.
Next me to create the blog page.
So Buck into the dashboard and go to pages and add new and call this the blog page and then hit publish.
And when it's there were press that this is the page for display and blog posts.
So go to settings and read in.
And change the Post's page to be the blog that we just created and then save changes.
Just check out the site and check if the blog page has been added to the menu.
Okay that's great.
So next need to transfer the blog content from our bootstrap project into Wordpress.
So if we just find a word bookstop fola Minds on the desktop still and then open that up and then drug
the blog dot hate mail into your text editor.
You can start copying some of the content over to Wordpress.
So we don't need the header or the footer section.
So what we need to do is scroll down to the blog section and then we need to copy all of the blog section.
So copy this and then keep going all the way down.
Until we find the sidebar.
So as a sidebar modules.
Then copy everything up until the full to section.
So copy and then go into the index P P and then paste or list just underneath get header.
Outside work and would is now making it work press friendly.
OK so we'll start by cutting the sidebar out and put the sidebar into the sidebar doppie HP file.
So if we look for the close in blog sidebar Dave and then look at the div just before that.
Then copy the modules.
All the way up to the number of columns.
So out the content.
So he should just be left with the 12 column container and then go to the sidebar Dopping HP.
PACE for N and save and back into the next page and hopefully should be getting an idea of what we do
in here.
In the same way that we got the header and also in the same way that we put the footer back in.
Well undo exactly the same.
So between the sidebar div let's open up the HP tags.
And then typing get on the score sidebar and the brackets on the semicolon and save that.
So hope that makes sense.
We've cooked the sidebar out put it on file and then added it Buckey and use an HP.
So the next thing we need to do is we need to add our blog posts to the press loop that were added earlier.
We all need one of the bootstrap blog posts to work with and we've currently got free so let's delete
two of them.
So if you locate the end of the blog post.
So there's one.
And there's two such lives as just weird.
One blog post we don't actually need any of the content.
Or any the text so you can delete that to make more space.
I would just tidy up so you know what I would do in some other container the row and the number of columns.
Then the block poster so as it stands this is the content of our blog post and want to make sure this
is good in the WordPress loop.
So every time loops through a blog post or print out the blog post title and also the date and offer
and then the content.
So I start surrounding this with the word press loop solver cut the open loop.
And then paste it just above the date with the class of blog post.
So paste that in.
And then if I cut the end of the loop.
And and paste this at the end of the blog so peyster in just there.
So I cut out all the paragraphs of text.
So when these other content back in so could be picked.
Peter thanks for the content and then paste it back in just above the end of the loop.
OK says the content in which to make sure our lives are all in place.
So we've got the deer with the blog post and I think we're really close in tigg after the content.
Yes that much of the blog post open ended.
So to put a comment in there.
Of blog post.
I'll make some space between the end of the loop.
OK it's now got the loop and some blog information in there.
Let's head over to our website and see how it's look and give you a visual indication of what the loop
is doing.
So if you select the blog and then scroll down so we can see that this blog post to start to appear
on the left and our Sidebar has been pulled back in.
But one of the problems we've got so far is we create five different blog posts.
But as we scroll down we'll get the same blog post over and over again.
And that's because in the next page it's pulling the content which is the Lorem it's some text but all
the information such as the heading The date an offer is all the static caged email.
So we need to now convert it to P.
So WordPress can pull in the correct information for the blog post that we created.
So let's start that now.
We'll start with the level 2 heading of new feature.
Now would a separate it's on a different line so it's more clear.
So open up the P 8 b and again I'm a copy these P HP times because will be reusing them over and over
again and to get the title we type in the underscore title.
And let's save that and her bike over to the blog unrefreshed.
So now you can see we've got different titles and these are the titles of the five blog post that we've
done before but you hover over them you can see that these titles are links and usually in a blog you'd
want these to link to the full post so you can do that in were pressed by adding the Permal ink.
So we're constructing this p p in a link tag.
So a a Treff.
It's going to be equal to.
An impatient alpay HP and to make it a link.
We type in the Permal link.
Forget the brackets and a semicolon.
We need to were WordPress way to link this too.
So do this by adding the title and a title is gonna be equal to based on appear to be and then will
type in the underscore title of tribute.
Which put it on separate lines so it's more clear.
So we need to close off the open in a tag just after the title attributes juster and then add the close
in a tag after the title.
So let's take a look at that.
Unrefreshing the browser.
So that's a good start.
I will blog post an old blue which indicates it's now a link.
So back into the text editor and then will do the same with the date and the offer.
So start with the date paste in the pivot.
P.
An echo to the browser gets underscore the underscore a date.
And then inside the brackets when he'd tell WordPress what format would like the date to appear.
So inside the quotations passing in free parameters.
So the first one is a couple f which mph P means the month and then separated by a comma.
A small J is for the day of the month and then as we use in a foot section we can use the cup or Y to
get the year and then next will do the offer.
So we change the office name placed in a pit p.
The offer is pretty straightforward.
It's just the underscore offer.
And then brockett and semicolon.
Let's save that.
Take a look.
Great.
Another pulls in the username which is tranquil admin and it also gives us the date which the post was
created.
All the same because they're all created at the same time.
So while we're in the blog post section I'd like to other little bit more information to the blog just
above the offer or just below the offer.
I'd like to add some information which shows which category and which tug we use for all the posts.
So that's pretty straightforward to do.
If we just go below the offer section that would you Stonner them also go on to add some font or some
icons to make these look a little bit better.
So font awesome is added with the tag.
The class is f a.
So all other tags first so the font or Mike on four tags is f a dash tag.
And then close up and then we can generate the names of the Tigers by opening the underscore Tug's.
So save that check it's working okay and refresh.
So a picture of the tag appearing.
And then we go on to a blog post where we've added some tags.
We've got news and updates.
And then her stats are working correctly.
And then at a break time.
And we'll start in the categories.
So a font awesome icon.
So I class F A and it can be f a folder open.
And then add some people be.
So this time we use the underscore category.
And safe.
So let's take a look.
So the fun awesome icon appear in book.
We've got the names of the categories appearing below.
And we want to make sure that they are in line with the folder.
We also wanted them to be separate with a comma.
So this is pretty straightforward to fix.
If we go inside the brackets and have the quotations all we need to do is add a comma which is the separator
and then a space so the space between each of the categories.
And then refresh and then also we've now got them line with the font.
OK Mike on.
To make this look a bit more like the tug's one will dish up the word categories in front of it.
So just before the category will add the page Pete I eggs and I will echo organ who's a shorter time
which is an E.
Would an underscore before.
And then the word would go on to equal is category and then a on space just off there as well so as
a space before the first cut name.
So save.
And then refresh.
Okay that looks good.
Looks a lot better than before.
So hopefully that made sense.
You were ads in a font or some icon and then straight after we use an HP echo to equal the word category
and then straight after the word we use in the category function to print or all the categories associated
with the blog post.
So say that answer me you guys may noticed as you've been scroll an up and down page that these blog
posts are quite long.
Are normally on a blog you just have a short introduction.
Maybe just a paragraph or so.
And then if you click on the blog or the title you then taken to the full blog post on a separate page.
Armour can do is pretty easily in Word.
It's just a case of changing the content to be the excerpt so save and this should now be a shortened
version of the blog posts.
Just like that.
So a little bit later on the course will create the template for the full blog post.
Want to click on the title.
Okay so I'm happy with tullius just come along for halsall.
End this video there.
But really making good progress.
We've now got WordPress content which is generate dynamically rather than the static bootstrap posts
so fanks all watch em and will see in the next video.